fix: resolve remote $refs with query parameters (#3022)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/remote-ref-query-params.md

---
'@redocly/openapi-core': patch
'@redocly/cli': patch
---

> Fixed resolving remote `$ref`s with query parameters in the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where remote `$ref`s with query parameters in the URL were not resolved.
```
